Okay.
So the first thing we want to do is configure a new endpoint for JSON server.
And as a reminder, we do that in a special file in our code base called DB dot JSON.
So I'm going to open that file up.
And here it is.
As a reminder, it's basically just a JSON object.
You can think of that like a JavaScript object where the properties represent the URLs or the roots.
So because we've used jobs here, we're going to have a slash jobs, end point.
And when we access slash jobs, we're going to get back a response in JSON of this array right here.
So before this lesson or attached to this lesson, I've included the code that I'd like you to copy
and paste.
So I'm going to copy the code I have on my other screen right here, and then make sure that there is
a comma between the end of the response and the start of jobs right here.
And let me just do a quick explanation of what's going on here.
So you can see here we have a key of spotlights.
That means we have defined a new end point, a new route of slash spotlights at our API.
And what spotlights will return is going to be an array of two objects.
And each one of those objects represents the sample marketing text for one of these spotlight cards
that we're going to be building out.
You can think of those cards as the exact same ones that we saw in the previous lesson on the Google
site.
So you'll notice here that each spotlight has an ID and that's just some kind of unique identifier.
Then we have an image and the image here links to Unsplash, which is just a website that provides a
variety of different images.
And both of these images are basically just developers doing developer things, right.
You can again imagine this as being something that a marketing guru in your company has set up in a
CMS, and we're just getting the data from them.
Then we're going to have the title for the spotlight.
So Cloud Engineering or executive leadership.
And then finally description and description is going to be that paragraph text that we want to render
below the title.
So you can think of this as us getting the data or the metadata that we need in order to render the
eventual spotlight components the cards.
But as we saw in the previous lesson, those cards may have a different look and feel from card to card.
All right.
So with that, we have set up DB, that JSON, if you are running JSON server, it should automatically
restart because it detects changes in this file.
If for some reason any of the upcoming lessons don't work, try restarting JSON server, you can terminate
it and then run the command NPM run backend.
As a reminder, if you go to package that JSON, here is where we set up that NPM run back end command.
Whoops, I misspoke.
Backup right here on line ten is where we set up that command to run JSON server and look for that DB,
that JSON file as the source of its end points and the data that they return.
All right.
So we've set up our back end and now we can start building out the spotlight component in the very next
lesson.